update readme (#4)
GoogleChromeLabs/chromium-bidi: README.md

# WebDriver BiDi for Chromium

> This is an implementation of the [WebDriver BiDi](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/) protocol for Chromium, implemented as a JavaScript layer translating between BiDi and CDP run in Chrome Tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an implementation of the [WebDriver BiDi](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/) protocol for Chromium, implemented as a JavaScript layer translating between BiDi and CDP, running inside a Chrome tab.
```
